Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try
Stop wishing. Start doing.
You have to fight through the bad days in order to earn the best days.
The struggle you're in today is developing the strength you need for tomorrow
Do something today that your future self will thank you for
Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out
Success isn't given. It's earned.
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them.
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them.
If you're going through hell keep going.
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone.
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning.
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them.
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work.
No great achiever – even those who made it seem easy – ever succeeded without hard work.
Embrace the pain to inherit the gain.
You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great
Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard
Work until your idols become your rivals
Stop waiting for things to happen. Go out and make them happen.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step
Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door
There is no substitute for hard work
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
Perseverance is failing 19 times and succeeding the 20th
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory
Pursue one great decisive aim with force and determination
Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there
One finds limits by pushing them.
Winners never quit, and quitters never win
A goal is a dream with a deadline
Either you run the day or the day runs you
Press forward. Do not stop. Do not linger in your journey but strive for the mark set before you.
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
Go big or go home. Because it's true. What do you have to lose?
No matter how many goals you have achieved, you must set your sights on a higher one.
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine.
Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion